Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How are you doing,
jason whittemire: Fine, how are you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm doing very well doing very well.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm Dr sale.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right.
jason whittemire: I'm Jason
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Good to have you here. Mr. Jason say your last name for me, please.
jason whittemire: Wait a minute.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Wait, am I are okay. I'm originally from Atlanta, Georgia. And my name is celador hut toe Akon tune day but you can just call me sale like cell phone. Okay.
jason whittemire: That's a beautiful name.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Thank you, sir. Are you a native of Ohio.
jason whittemire: Los Angeles and got drug here at 13 kicking and screaming
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Really, okay. I went to graduate school Island, California. It's beautiful out there.
jason whittemire: Yeah, from the Burbank area la
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's a beautiful area. I think I've driven through it that coast area is gorgeous. All the way from California, like the San Diego, all the way up to like Seattle. I love that area of the world.
jason whittemire: Yeah, I've driven all that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yet so you know what I'm talking about the beauty of
jason whittemire: A Pacific Coast Highway, the best
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is gorgeous yeah I I missed it here. Now, have you gone to the Michigan. I've heard that the trees and Michigan up in that area with some of the most beautiful area to
jason whittemire: I have been to Ann Arbor.
jason whittemire: I had a I was in a relationship with a young lady whose son was going to college up there and we went up there for a week and stayed
jason whittemire: Okay in Ann Arbor. I got to go to Michigan stadium. I got to get the blimp the burger at the one place and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay.
jason whittemire: Famous like famous spots.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: spots. So I take it you like to travel. Right.
jason whittemire: Um, I did construction for years. So I traveled all over the country. I've been to every state, except for Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you've been down in my neck of the woods where I'm from, right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Absolutely. Good, good.
jason whittemire: I went to a bachelor party and one of our
jason whittemire: It was with a friend that
jason whittemire: Had a boarding school pal that live right on Peachtree in a high rise in a high rise building all fancy, fancy. We went out. We did the town. We went to a couple of the clubs. We did the pub crawl at Buckhead
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, you know, Atlanta better than I do.
jason whittemire: Oh, I don't know about all that now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, right.
jason whittemire: For a week.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you know it very well. Well, I tell you what, I'm gonna go ahead and I have to use a couple of my engineering tools to ask a couple of questions. Okay.
jason whittemire: So,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: This part has to be as pretty detail. So I'm going to be getting a lot of information and that helps me understand the best treatment option right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yep.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so you're here because of alcohol use disorder. Right.
jason whittemire: Yes, I had some drinks. I thought I drink enough water before I leave left the establishment. Okay. I DID NOT THE HIGHWAY PATROL as I pulled out pulled me over and gave me a DUI.
jason whittemire: I part of my plea agreement got 12 months and probation and I have now been sent to your doorstep.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and how young, are you
jason whittemire: Not too young 47
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: As the new 30
jason whittemire: Yeah, they don't feel that way, my body's Potties creaking creaking, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so a recent DUI and so you are you in drug court in drug court now.
jason whittemire: I don't see how you I put you in drug court. But yeah, that's really threw me
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, man.
jason whittemire: And this the thing I know a lot of these you know about this recovery and stuff is, you know, a lot of people's trying to get
jason whittemire: You know, government funded drugs and stuff. And I don't take anything like that. I don't want anything like that. That's not part of recovery. I have been in na for 10 years I have 10 years sobriety.
jason whittemire: off drugs. I was a facilitator and classes and whatnot at the early end of my
jason whittemire: Getting into sobriety. I just at this point, you know, drink socially and kind of got dropped off into going somewhere that I probably shouldn't have that night had some drinks.
jason whittemire: And like I said got pulled over.
jason whittemire: Not an everyday drinker. I'm not a
jason whittemire: blackout drunk. I'm not a how'd I get home last night raw. It was kind of manageable. I've got a 14 year old daughter that I'm raising. So a lot of my time is either at work or when I come home. I make dinner. I try to spend time with her. And so she starts to ignore me
Right now.
jason whittemire: But at this point, I wasn't going out to the
jason whittemire: Bars and things like that. I just
jason whittemire: I drink, you know, a few times a week on the weekends.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so let me go ahead and follow this protocol, because we document it. And I can tell you a really good historian, so I don't want to have, have you to keep repeating everything, but I want to make certain that I am representing you will and the documentation. Okay.
jason whittemire: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you have 47 year old young male that had a recent DUI. And when was that
jason whittemire: A few months ago, I don't know the exact date. I could look on the ticket.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, that's okay. A few months prior, he ended up in drug court and so you asked to come to bright heart hell.
jason whittemire: Yeah, they gave me three choices and I feel that
jason whittemire: You know, being able to do this via satellite or telephone or whatever, for my type of situation because in my work I have
jason whittemire: Meetings. I'm going to one place to a meeting. I'm going here. I got to meet adjuster, I need a homeowner I dropped material, so it'd be a lot easier for me to be able to do this on a telephone than it would
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so he was given the different options to address the DUI and he felt like bright heart health was the better option giving your active lifestyle. Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sure. Okay. Dan. So what I'll do is in terms of your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alcohol Use history. When did you start drinking alcohol.
jason whittemire: I 1617 or so, you know, steel about bottle of Mad Dog 2020 from the dairy Mark go down to the middle Park and drink it with your buddies and then
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: Try to understand why can't stand up under skateboarding anymore.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so start at 16 years old and did that progress over time.
jason whittemire: I mean you know 21 when you're allowed to go to a bar, you go to a bar and be social, you try to pick up girls.
jason whittemire: I worked a lot. So, but, of course, the older men that I worked with after work, what do you do your don't get, get your bearings
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Bar at work. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So,
So I
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you say in your 20s, you continue to drink alcohol socially after work.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah okay and this continue to escalate.
jason whittemire: I mean, there was a part when I, you know, started doing drugs and things like that. And that's when I passed away, years of my life. And when I finally
jason whittemire: Woke up and got sober.
jason whittemire: I went cold turkey, you know, for a couple of years. And after I got over the drug part
jason whittemire: I drank a little bit and then you know at this point, I've not been doing drugs again. But I have socially drink on the weekends and whatnot. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So while you were drinking alcohol. What drugs that you have in this was this in your early 30s and 40s that you use different drugs or and you
jason whittemire: Know, mostly in my 20s and
jason whittemire: 2020s to 30s. There's about 3233 is when I woke up.
jason whittemire: I did coke.
jason whittemire: You know, and that's again. Work, work, work. Go, go, go.
jason whittemire: Stand drinks.
jason whittemire: Drinks your Sochi say get up in the morning, go to work.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so when you're in your 20s to 30s you snorting Coke had a very active lifestyle and this allows you to to continue to to work long hours. Am I understanding that correctly.
jason whittemire: Pretty much, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Damn.
jason whittemire: I never got into heroin or am I had a friend die from it. So I never tried that stuff. I never got into math.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sounds sounds like you mainly did your alcohol you snort coke. Did you ever do any uppers and downers marijuana or anything like that.
jason whittemire: Um, I mean marijuana. I've never taken pills. I'm not been into pills, uppers would be either snorting coke or smoking Coke, whatever.
Right.
jason whittemire: But yes, I've smoked marijuana
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: UK has smoked marijuana. Okay. All right, so that was 20s and 30s and then you said that you continue to use your the alcohol and when did you had a 10 YEARS OF NO ALCOHOL INTAKE when you go into na and you
jason whittemire: Weren't drinking October 21 2010 is when I started
And
jason whittemire: This year,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 31st 2010 was your last
jason whittemire: Was that when you is yours, my tenure chip.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan. So you stopped drinking alcohol October 31 2018 and was sober for 10 years
jason whittemire: Yeah, no, I'm still I'm still off drugs. I just drank.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: So, na, na or to, you know, my drug habits or 10 years behind me now. And at this point, I'd punch somebody in the face, they ever brought any type of drug around me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
jason whittemire: I don't have the problem not scared. I don't have. I don't think that I'm going to start driving around looking for a crack dealer or something like that. It's just
jason whittemire: I have good things and positivity in my life that I didn't have 10 years ago.
jason whittemire: Because I had drugs in my life.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So right and I understand what you're saying. So no drug you since October 31
jason whittemire: October 21. Yeah, I was just
jason whittemire: For Halloween, we
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Following Wednesday, October 21 2010 so no drug uses October 21 2010 and at that time you will go into na and you were sober and then
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Recently, is that when you were you had a couple of drinks with some friends and you got pulled over for do you are a couple of months ago.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Correct. Okay. Damn right them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How much alcohol. Do you drink now.
jason whittemire: None such the DUI.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so no alcohol you since DUI.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what was that
jason whittemire: Our get the exact date for your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Work.
jason whittemire: Thank you, sir. I'd have to look up the
jason whittemire: Ticket here that I have one second.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you looking. Do you mind if I ask you a couple of questions.
jason whittemire: Yeah, go right ahead. I'm looking, I have the paper. Now I'm just trying to see when it was was February 25
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you had the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: DUI February.
jason whittemire: 25 2020
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And that's shortly after that you get, they put you in touch with bright heart health, and you're here today.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So since February 25 2020 you've
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Had no alcohol intake.
jason whittemire: No, I have abstained because
jason whittemire: It made my life on manageable and put things into my path that I do not need like the police a judge a probation officer.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, okay.
jason whittemire: In my life and I now need to deal with that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because
jason whittemire: They're threatening me and
jason whittemire: They will lock me up in a cage and leave me for dead so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you will be locked up. If you do not continue in Bihar health is that my understanding.
jason whittemire: I don't know.
jason whittemire: That's I mean on probation. I don't. Yes, I have to take the
jason whittemire: Assessment and then from there, whatever the assessment says that I'm going to need to do
jason whittemire: I'm going to have to comply for the courts.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you have to comply for the drug court. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, well, I understand what you're saying, sir. And so let me just say we'll do everything we can to work with you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In this situation, but I understand what you're telling me you've been very successful businessman, you had a DUI and now you here because of drug court. So we'll take what we know and we'll make the best that is okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, ma'am. And we'll, we'll put forth the best treatment plan and we can do to assist you in this situation. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, ma'am. Alright, so I'm going to ask you a few questions, just let me know.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know how you feel about him since you've not had alcohol. Do you ever have any severe anxiety tremors or something called DTS where you're shaking have neurological problems.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, so no anxiety.
jason whittemire: I mean, don't get me wrong, I can definitely tell when my body is saying who you would like to have a beer. And then my mind go oh well you can't have one you know I'm saying, like,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The you feel like your big brain can control that or
jason whittemire: It has to because everything's riding on it. I have a 14 year old daughter that depends on me and I can't have her life changed in any way, shape, or form because of my stupid.
jason whittemire: Decisions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I'm hearing that you do have craving for alcohol. How severe is that craving and 10 is the worst and zero is non
jason whittemire: To
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And how often do you get these cravings.
jason whittemire: Usually have to trigger times that it would have been of when I would drink like when I've just worked all day for 1012 hours and
jason whittemire: You start to get thirsty and you're like, man, I would like to have a beer.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, working
jason whittemire: I didn't drink. I really drink liquor or wine or anything. I just had a few beers calm my nerves. But, you know, again, when you go out with others. And then it's all who pretty hoppy and you got a gang full of employees and you're the man and I. What's up buddy Uber.
You know, they get
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: My understanding is correct that your triggers are if you have a long day at work.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Or social events as a trigger.
Sure.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So have you ever had seizures or DTS or anything when you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you alcohol no history of those
jason whittemire: Very good.
Very good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So your last dose of alcohol was October 21 2010 All right then.
jason whittemire: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, it's okay.
jason whittemire: First 2010 is the last time they
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To 2020 was your last. Don't worry.
jason whittemire: 2525 so the next day day you know I
jason whittemire: Woke up and was like, oh shit what happened last night because I had tickets in my pocket, and now I had to go to a court hearing the next day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, I apologize for that. But no, I have it right here. Your DUI to 25 2020 so last time you used. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, ma'am. All right, man. But before that time, you're saying you had been clean off of alcohol or he does some show social drinking before
jason whittemire: 2020 yes I was drinking it.
jason whittemire: Yes, I drink on the weekends and, you know, I'd go camping or go take my crew out to
jason whittemire: You know, go out to the lake or something. And we'd have a barbecue and you know everybody's drinking and yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so how long do you think you have been drinking socially before to 25
jason whittemire: I don't know.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 34 months.
jason whittemire: Seven or eight years.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. And how about how much did you drink before that time.
jason whittemire: Five beer four or five beers.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And are those the 12 ounce.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah okay so average, about four to 512 ounce beers any heart look hard liquor or anything like that.
jason whittemire: I didn't for years.
jason whittemire: I
jason whittemire: Started working in restaurants.
jason whittemire: Few years back. And of course, everybody's doing Shot. Shot. Shot. Shot, shot.
jason whittemire: I might be able to take one or two shots but pretty much. I don't like getting stupid fall over drunk.
jason whittemire: Okay, so yes, I've taken some shots when I've went out.
jason whittemire: But I'm not the type of person to have a bottle at the house or
jason whittemire: You know what I mean like I don't come home and there's a bottle waiting for me and I'm going to drink the bottle. You know what I mean, like,
jason whittemire: If I was going to be out somewhere and somebody said, Hey, let me buy you a shot. I might take one or two in the evening and know hey I can't, I can't do more than that because I don't like to get sick. And I'm not going to get fall down drunk.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, so during that seven, eight years that you did do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What you call some simple drinking, you are drinking about four to 512 ounce beer is maybe one or two shots. Did you do that one to two
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Times a week three to four times a week.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Or how often do one a week.
jason whittemire: I'd say about three times a week.
Okay.
jason whittemire: You know, Monday, Tuesdays, not really. I might on Wednesday and then Friday and Saturday, you know, payroll Friday, everybody gets their check here by a bear.
jason whittemire: So Sunday is usually I just stay at home. I do home stuff, you know, get ready for the week ahead.
jason whittemire: So man couple, couple two, three times a week.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And with the history, you're providing to me. And because you're very knowledgeable about alcohol during a time when you were drinking these seven, eight years that you ever feel like this was more than what you should have had felt like it was excessive.
jason whittemire: I mean,
jason whittemire: I didn't not want to do it. I definitely wanted to do it. Okay.
jason whittemire: You know, I mean, excessive we're talking about. Did I wake up and maybe act in a way that I shouldn't know while I was drinking sure didn't happen all the time. No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So with the information you share with me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm glad that you did come to my heart health.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, because it will be great to be able to work with you and have even longer sobriety a lifetime of sobriety. Okay.
jason whittemire: Mm hmm.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Definitely. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, Dan. And it sounds like you have a great motivation for staying sober, you've got a 14 year old daughter.
jason whittemire: 14 and 18
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: Tomorrow, she lives with her mother. She's graduating this year than going to the army and July.
jason whittemire: Okay.
jason whittemire: The whole reason that these girls are in my life is because I stopped using and I had to change who I was to get them in my life and the one or mom just happened to
jason whittemire: Screw up and need
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To take
jason whittemire: Charge of my 14 year old and then at this point my 17 year old. Her mother had kept my a
jason whittemire: Existence a secret for till the time that I
jason whittemire: Went to my 17 year old 16 at the time, and said, Hey, I'm who I am. And by the way, you know, your mom has kept that effect away from you and I want you to be in my life and
jason whittemire: The more I worked and focused on the girls, the more that my life came together, the better work got better.
jason whittemire: Relationships. I got now I got both of them in my life. I'm going to be at my daughter's graduation. I'm going to her sister and her now know each other.
jason whittemire: She don't care what her mama thinks she's now pissed off that her mom kept me out of her life.
jason whittemire: I see her lots of money and gifts and make sure that there's anything she needs that I can give her. I do.
jason whittemire: And it's just great to have her part of my life and to have my 14 year old living in my house because
jason whittemire: I know the shithole that she came from and the type of woman that she came from and she don't have her stuff together and drugs are a part of her life and
jason whittemire: They're not now in my daughter's life. My daughter doesn't have to have a house full of people she don't know and a pile of beer cans in the corner and moldy dishes in the sink.
jason whittemire: She has a five star chef, they will cook for anytime she wants, and there's
jason whittemire: More growth we throw away food as it rots there's more groceries and then we need we hit. She has every little thing that she could want. And all I'm trying to focus on is teaching her how to look out for the man I used to be and look for qualities in the man I am now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's well put. Let me ask you this.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How valuable is your sobriety to you.
jason whittemire: It's everything now because it's been brought to my attention that I could lose everything that I just worked my ass off to have and
jason whittemire: I could lose it in an instant by some County Probation Officer who says, Oh, well, we need you to do 100 days in the county jail. Which, guess what I've done time in this county jail. I
jason whittemire: I've been arrested numerous times for stupid shit I've usually lost every single thing that I've ever owned had job house on numerous three to four different times in my life.
jason whittemire: Right now that opportunity to do that because everything I have
jason whittemire: Goes around my daughter.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: And not have me come home one night she can't not have me take care of her.
jason whittemire: pay the bills have a house have a car.
jason whittemire: Groceries.
jason whittemire: So if I jeopardize that with
jason whittemire: Not having my sobriety, then
jason whittemire: I go back to the piece of shit that I used to be.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we're on the same page.
jason whittemire: Absolutely.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, your, your sobriety is very important and I hear commitment and I hear motivation. So I'm glad to hear. We're going to keep moving forward. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yep. And we're patient center here very patient centered and bright heart health. If you have a question or concern you, please don't hesitate, let me know. Okay.
jason whittemire: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, yeah.
Let me get
jason whittemire: Let me
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: pull this down song.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you have a history of overdose or anything.
jason whittemire: No, I've never done anything whatever make me overdose.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, very good. Have you is there. Do you have a treatment history for alcohol use, just quickly.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ever been admitted in detox from alcohol.
jason whittemire: Yeah, it was called penitentiary. And when I got sent to the penitentiary. I was on a drug case. And I went into the drug program. I then lived in the facility for the entire entire time that I was in the penitentiary. And I facilitated classes after I went and graduated the
jason whittemire: Okay, I'm class. So at that point, when I got out of course it was like a rabid dog being released into the world after the probation and whatnot. I did.
jason whittemire: Go out and drink and you know do drugs and stuff. And at that point, it wasn't until I got into a black hole of Oh shit, I need to
jason whittemire: These drugs aren't going to kill me so I better just sober up and stop doing them because it's regardless. It's not gonna make my pain go away. So then I went into
jason whittemire: Meetings and stuff like that. And I did use the meetings to get sober again.
jason whittemire: What was that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Approximately
jason whittemire: 10 October 21 2010
jason whittemire: Okay I quit doing drugs and I started going to meetings and I started
jason whittemire: The path to sobriety. I, at that point, moved away from where I was living and I went to the oil fields of Oklahoma where there was nothing but flat.
jason whittemire: Desert.
jason whittemire: Luckily, that first year I didn't even have the ability to get
jason whittemire: drugs or anything like that. So it was easier for me to get past that hump of the first couple of years of
jason whittemire: Getting it, you know, yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And let me I should this should be a past medical history, do you have any chronic conditions like liver failure help see anything like that.
jason whittemire: No, I got ankle problems from messing my ankle up years ago that I got chronic pain on um I did do construction for 16 years of my life building scaffolding tearing it down buckets and bud. My back's little sore at the bottom part from, you know, years of abuse of just being strong and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I can listen exactly any TV or anything.
jason whittemire: Hypertension know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any liver problems, anxiety, depression diagnosis.
jason whittemire: No, no, there's been no diagnosis because I never had the only reason that I'm in front of you right now is because I got insurance.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: I've never had insurance. So, ain't nobody give two shits about helping me out on anything except for locking me in a jail cell. At which point, then usually God or sobriety. A na comes to you and knocks on your door and says, hey, how you doing,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I'll put here. That's a good point. You're making to need had had a primary care. So they may be some things going on. So,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We really do want you to get a primary care doctor, we will be checking laps on you. I'll go over those results will look at how your kidney and liver function. How you blood cells are looking
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And once I get those results back, we'll go over them. Okay. And we can get that information to your doctor. So we do recommend that on the back of your on
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Your car insurance card. If you could give them a call and try to set up an appointment. Okay.
jason whittemire: I've had. I have a primary doctor now, now that I have a current. Now that I've actually got my stuff together and God insurance. I got it. When I got my daughter. I've only had my 14 year old living in the house for two years now.
jason whittemire: So at that point, I had to get her insurance. I got myself insurance. I set up a doctor.
jason whittemire: That point he did, you know, hey, how you doing, which to get attached you're healthy as a horse. You're good to go, blah, blah. A couple of times I have hurt my ankle. So I went to him to see that US got a podiatrist to look at the ankle and the problems on that so
jason whittemire: I have ordered
jason whittemire: A type of
jason whittemire: Thing where I'm going to a doctor and actually being seen my, my daughter goes every
jason whittemire: She's got an OB GYN that three months, we go there and you know I let her get seen she does have
jason whittemire: Asthma
jason whittemire: And a little bit of psoriasis, because she's allergic to animals. So she gets itchy. So I've taken her in for a few times.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So any mental health diagnosis. No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
jason whittemire: I had, I did.
jason whittemire: In classes. Like I said, I was in a I was in a drug facility and President, I was there for years and I did do classes like anger management. I did have a there was a psychologist, that was there. I used to do programs with her where we like made little teddy bears for abuse kids.
jason whittemire: That are the old prison uniforms and stuff.
jason whittemire: And we had talked. She had, you know, she gave me a copy of Selsey and prophecy and said here, you need to think on the middle ocular level of what energy is and how human beings react with each other. So good book for you.
jason whittemire: But not to actually sit
jason whittemire: Down on a
jason whittemire: A couch and talk about you know my childhood and where where things started. What I saw as a kid when I went through as a kid and you know at 16 years old, I was on my own. I had job. I had a job and I
jason whittemire: You know, my parents were then raising my brother and sister, and it was all oh family, family. Nice. Nice. Even my younger years. My mom was like 70 which he, he, which he had me in LA.
jason whittemire: You know what I'm saying we my dad was a gangster. My, my mom. You know what I'm saying, was the disco queen.
jason whittemire: I saw things and learn
jason whittemire: Things at a young age that I didn't need to see, you know what I'm saying, like, it taught me things I didn't lead me to learn. So why did I become then
jason whittemire: In an older age 1718 I started hustling dope. You know what I'm saying get busted Slinging dope. And then all of a sudden, I'm in the joint. Oh wait, I did exactly what my father taught me to do at a young age. You know what I'm saying, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Bringing up
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Some really good information. And it sounds like you're at a point where you're ready to process through it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. What I'm hearing and you're in the right place because
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: With bright heart health, you're going to have an individual therapist that you will meet with like zoom twice a month and we meet in groups.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Weekly, we have a group available that starting next Tuesday, avocados. The 19th at one o'clock. Will you be available is one hour you meet a group of people on zoom and
jason whittemire: on a Tuesday at one o'clock.
jason whittemire: For an hour.
jason whittemire: Yes, sir. There. I mean, y'all are West Coast. Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm right here in Ohio.
jason whittemire: Okay.
jason whittemire: I didn't know the same. So what is
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: True one o'clock for us.
jason whittemire: That's the thing. I mean, on a Tuesday at one o'clock. You know, like I said my this is my business. I'm a project manager for basically, what I do is I set up insurance claims, we have the damage house I call the insurance company I deal with the adjuster all the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Paperwork
jason whittemire: I then have my cousin's roofing company that I I don't work for him. I'm
jason whittemire: An independent contractor, but
jason whittemire: The roofers come in, they do the roof. I make
jason whittemire: Sure they got their materials I make sure that the homeowners happy deciders come in right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So let me think. Let me
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do this, Mr. Jason, what time is after five or six better for you.
jason whittemire: You absolutely that would be perfect. So I'd be sitting in my home like I am now.
jason whittemire: Okay, even, like, three o'clock on, I would have less meetings when I when I started the morning. It's like okay we got a 10 o'clock meeting. And then there's one at 1130 and then there's a one o'clock.
jason whittemire: And then you got to talk to girls and boys. So it's kind of hectic during the daytime.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I will plan to try to create a group desk and may be able to get some other people. We're going to ask a few more questions. We're going to try to stay very focused on these. We still have a lot of questions that that need to be addressed.
jason whittemire: What was that date, again, that you're asking
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The 19th, but that's not a date that you can make this a one o'clock. We have to keep that up in the air. Okay, but I will keep working on it. So we got a few more questions. So past medical history past surgical history. Yeah. Can you just list them.
jason whittemire: Sure, I had a hernia. When I was a kid, um, they took
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Out or what type of femoral
jason whittemire: I don't know. I was nine years old, they took I had a scented ball that was up in my gut. They had to drop it down while they were dropping it down, they found a hernia. They tied it to, but there's
jason whittemire: A little stitches on the abdominal and one on the sack.
jason whittemire: When I was right around the same time I got into a car accident.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And when that happened,
jason whittemire: I was about nine. Yeah.
jason whittemire: Okay, I'm gonna do a car accident. We got smashed by a drunk driver.
jason whittemire: I went to the hospital burn center my face was burnt my head was swollen from the impact I survived that. Other than that, at about 13 I accidentally caught myself on fire.
jason whittemire: Got
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. She has a severe motor vehicle accident. What age were you
jason whittemire: I was. It was about nine years old.
Okay.
jason whittemire: Yeah, so the hernia would have been about 8000 Oregon, and then we moved to Oklahoma because my father got out of prison and said, Hey, let's start a family.
jason whittemire: But instead he wanted to sling crank.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Worked for, gosh.
jason whittemire: And shoot crank. Um, so once that got tweaked out my mom was like gets fuck out of here and go and moved back to the hills of Oregon.
jason whittemire: Okay, now
jason whittemire: Doing good fifth grade, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The surgeries.
jason whittemire: Just the burn center.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. In the burn center.
jason whittemire: Yeah, about 13
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And that was due to burn center age 13. What was that for
jason whittemire: 1314 I caught myself on fire and the arm.
jason whittemire: Now earned
jason whittemire: Accident yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Social history do you smoke.
jason whittemire: I'm trying to quit. But yeah, about a half a pack a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, one hand pack per day.
jason whittemire: I'm trying to get
jason whittemire: Stale
jason whittemire: You're on your own.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What age did you start
jason whittemire: Oh man, I remember eighth grade. We used to be able to go up to the Chinese place and get back there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, and you say, alcohol currently no
jason whittemire: Correct.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Drugs current none.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you eating fruits and vegetables, meat starches.
jason whittemire: Absolutely. I make dinner every night from my daughter, and it's the well course meal. I was raised by single mothers, so she taught me how to cook.
jason whittemire: You know, stuff like that. That's why I do paperwork and I do office work because I actually
jason whittemire: paid attention. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Your birth gender. What was your birth GENDER Male
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes okay and and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And let me see. I know that you do work. Yes. And your living situation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Live with two daughters.
jason whittemire: And, you know, just the one by 18 year old.
jason whittemire: Mother. That's the only reason I'm even in Ohio is because the 18 year old live to your
jason whittemire: Mother is no matter how much money I gave her still wouldn't tell the kid who are was so
jason whittemire: Good 14 year old her mom got a divorce in Florida and move back to her hometown here in Ohio. Well, my daughters were two hours away from each other.
jason whittemire: I left a
jason whittemire: Million Dollar a year job in Omaha, Nebraska.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: here okay to
jason whittemire: Get my two daughters in my life.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So great sacrifice. So in terms of legal history DUI to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then history.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Of incarceration drug program.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you in a drug.
jason whittemire: Drug I caught my case in 1995 for drug trafficking of LSD.
jason whittemire: I got caught with a couple hits of acid and all of a sudden they put me on the front page of the newspaper is the biggest kingpin since Scarface
jason whittemire: railroaded me and gave me three charges three times higher than what I was actually charged with because I wouldn't snitch on my friends.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I've been
jason whittemire: Doing for years in the penitentiary.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and they were you in prison and doing it from doing a drug program in 2010 also
jason whittemire: No.
jason whittemire: No, I got nope I got out in 99
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay so 1995 and 1999 okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, I'll go back through that. And then when I got out.
jason whittemire: I went straight back to work and at the point of 2010 I you know from 99 to 2010 was nine years of working and my boss was a Coke addict and basically we went to the bars after work and got drunk and snorting Coke and
jason whittemire: After my life became unmanageable in 2010 I quit because I wasn't dead.
jason whittemire: And I figured at that point.
jason whittemire: If I'm not dead. Let's try a life without drugs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, well good. Um, let's see you motivation. You say are your two daughters are they also supportive of you during this time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Absolutely.
That's great.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you have a primary care doctors. Yes, we should. Primary care doctors name.
jason whittemire: Dr man get
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Can you spell that please
jason whittemire: Ma n g et, I believe, man. Get yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Dr. Megan.
jason whittemire: So Indian name.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Dr. Martin get. And where's that located, where's it located or
jason whittemire: Mansfield Ohio 33 family.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mansfield, Ohio. Okay. And do you have a dentist.
jason whittemire: Um, it's in the same building.
jason whittemire: Yeah, I don't know if I have an actual like hey john is my dentist. There's a dental thing there. I had a thought I had a rotten tooth. It was in the back. I came in there, they yanked it out.
jason whittemire: Basically, that's the only thing I had him clean one time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, this looks
jason whittemire: Like a an actual. Hey, Dr. Fox is my dentist.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any thoughts of hurting yourself or anyone else.
jason whittemire: Absolutely not.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, seeing or hearing anything that's not there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Nope, okay. Have you ever attempted suicide.
jason whittemire: No, ma'am.
jason whittemire: Unless doing
jason whittemire: Big 5050 pieces of crack to see if it popped my heart, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It wouldn't so okay right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, this the next set is called the review system. These are a lot of questions. If you could just answer yes or no. I'm gonna read up several and then just let me know. The ones that
jason whittemire: Apply to you. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Either nights, which
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yields cold intolerance fatigue.
jason whittemire: Know, and all these. This is the fourth time that this whole list that you're going through has been asked of me, but go ahead.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. When thank you for your patience weight changes increase thurs increase urination.
jason whittemire: No, I mean, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any problems with your vision. Yeah. As blurry. Any problems with your ears difficulty hearing, hearing loss. RINGING
jason whittemire: I've always had a hearing loss than one of my ears from the car accident that I was in, since that day. Okay.
jason whittemire: And the sight loss is just, I'm getting 47 years old now, sometimes I use a little pair of $9 reader glasses you get at Walmart to look the paperwork, but I don't need. I don't have prescriptions or
jason whittemire: Okay, my long term vision is fine. It's just if I am trying to reach something I'll put the little readers on so I can see the words.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Understand this one so many of us thought to go through. We hit about 50
Years.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any nasal congestion abnormal nosebleed
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Lips source mouth sore throat tongue sores, a mass
jason whittemire: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: I have allergies. So I'm allergic to dust and dander, and all kinds of animals stuff I take a allergy pill every day.
jason whittemire: Okay stops the runny nose, and
jason whittemire: itchy stuff so
jason whittemire: Okay, that's the only thing that's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, any way neck stiffness neck lumps problems breathing Coffin, coffin of chest pain heart racing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Shortness of breath down swelling.
jason whittemire: I got no time for that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay and stomach pain bombing and constipation, diarrhea problems urinating blood and urine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any problems with your bladder or your skin rash.
jason whittemire: Know,
jason whittemire: Just
jason whittemire: Bad ankles from
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Breaking Bad ankles. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Dry skin itchy headaches, dizziness, lightheadedness, feigning seizures, tremors, lack of coordination weakness.
jason whittemire: I know I have a restless leg syndrome at night.
jason whittemire: My legs twitch.
jason whittemire: They energize and then twitch.
jason whittemire: Okay. My doctor says, Eat more potassium and magnesium
jason whittemire: But
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's a disturbance suicide. No suicidal ideation any hopelessness worthlessness delusions easy bruising.
jason whittemire: Nope. Nope. No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: anything going on with you. That was not mentioned
jason whittemire: Just a bad ankles, a little sore back from
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We get
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: An old ankles.
jason whittemire: Yeah, I got my it's it's shot dude 95 I messed it up.
jason whittemire: An hour every
jason whittemire: A couple times a month I'll step on a rock wrong and I'll send it over.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I've got your ankle history. Are you on any prescribed medications.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Which ones.
jason whittemire: One for let restless leg syndrome, one for nausea.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know the names of them.
jason whittemire: Yeah, I mean I got the bottles right here.
jason whittemire: Okay, nothing narcotic I've, I won't allow any
jason whittemire: Anything, anything like that. They gave me some flexor real for pain.
Okay.
jason whittemire: This
jason whittemire: The muscle spasms is called CLI low, Ben.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Site Visit brain.
jason whittemire: Like both ends of France or
Tissue like surreal.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: surreal. Are you on how much flex a real, are you on
jason whittemire: I don't think they're just trying to fill the prescription again because I just hurt my ankle. Again, it was, I don't know what the milligram was
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
jason whittemire: It was only one prescription
jason whittemire: When I twisted my ankle like two months ago and then
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
jason whittemire: I've done it again and now they've got me into
jason whittemire: An orthopedic doctor and orthopedic
jason whittemire: Foot
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: ankle brace, think about okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, what else up flex real whether it's medicine. Are you on
jason whittemire: Oh, Nan dead dance.
jason whittemire: Trauma as a Tron danza Tron for nausea.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That offering
jason whittemire: Yeah, I think they gave me that for a reaction on
jason whittemire: One of the medications.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you still take it.
jason whittemire: No, it's just sitting here, if I got nausea or whatever. I had a kidney stone.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: A couple. I don't know, six months ago or so. And they gave me some flow, nays to open up my tubes to get rid of the kidney stones, and I think they gave me the nausea pills in case the flow days gave me nausea.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They get yeah they gave you the they gave you the other medicine to help relax your, your terms. I'm forgetting the name of it right now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mm hmm. Okay. Are you are you actively taking any medicines. Now, other than the flex real if you need it.
jason whittemire: Nothing that's non narcotic know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any medicine at all. Are you taking regularly.
jason whittemire: Advil at night sometimes an hour G pill.
jason whittemire: In the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Morning clarity or
jason whittemire: Sometimes, it depends. I can use the generic version. So I tried to sometimes Claritin work sometimes the other one I know that there's two different types that
jason whittemire: Are you allergic to anything.
jason whittemire: This is
jason whittemire: Where I knew my damn glasses hydro
jason whittemire: falafel.
jason whittemire: It's just as a histamine.
jason whittemire: Our GA release and histamine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and that's the Quaid um is it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Definite Hydra me
jason whittemire: Know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Well, whenever you get your glasses. You can just let us know.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: When you get them definitely understand the situation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Without the glasses. Any allergy, sir.
jason whittemire: Not to medications that I've ever had no
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, Katie in and you're able to feed yourself close yourself you do all that you have you dependent. Okay, I'm going to ask you these questions, I have to ask you these
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: This is just this
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's see, this is called the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Saul's and it's just looking
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: At it alcohol withdrawal didn't look like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have any problems now. Are you feeling
jason whittemire: About
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In the past 24 hours patient indicate how you felt in the past 24 hours.
jason whittemire: Some advocacy work.
jason whittemire: I had, I just
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Talking about in the past 24 hours just in a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Still have you been feeling anxious know mild, moderate, or severe
jason whittemire: Moderate
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, feeling confused.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Restless
jason whittemire: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, miserable.
Nope.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay problem with memory.
jason whittemire: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay, tremors are shakes.
No.
Okay, nausea,
jason whittemire: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: heart pounding.
No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sleep disturbance
jason whittemire: No sleep like a baby.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, that's great.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, sweating.
jason whittemire: Nope.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. So that looks good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so I'm just looking at everything here to make certain we've gotten everything taken care of for you. All right. And when you if you could bring some vital signs from your doc. That will be great.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Just right when you can
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, just hold them up to the screen. And I can write write them down.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Physical exam. You look. You look like you're doing well you don't show any signs of any type of withdrawal, sir.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so, so your assessment alcohol use disorder.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And your plan, you'll continue bright heart health. You've declined medications for alcohol use disorder. We do have medicines that are that could be beneficial without calling causing an addiction like can, Paul. So those are things that you can you can think about
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I don't want any type of medication, other than
jason whittemire: What I'm prescribed and medical marijuana you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you on medical marijuana
Oh, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, let me put that on there.
jason whittemire: Because at this point.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In it from a dispensary.
jason whittemire: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We're in Ohio.
Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
jason whittemire: Um, yeah, I mean I fire my employees for that government drug stuff we don't take it. We don't have it. We don't want it.
jason whittemire: You know Suboxone the Methadone enough. Nope, nope, nope. I don't want no part of any type of prescription
jason whittemire: At all.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And we respect that we, we also have a counseling that has been shown to be effective, we talked about how can you would do to counseling and we'll move that forward, we
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Usually the monthly urine drug screens. We also check your liver. Check your liver function, your red blood cells check you for
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any type of types of infection.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So,
jason whittemire: The Ohio Ohio health app where it basically plugs right into my doctors stuff and I do remember seeing all the things that you're asking me for right now, I'd have to go into that and screenshot it and show it to you like that.
jason whittemire: Because I, I can log into that and then basically, it shows me every time I went to the doctor what the doctor said what their notes or
jason whittemire: Went there. They've taken the statue.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so from from talking with you and from your answers. You're clearly not in any withdrawal. So, plan your, your stable clearly not in any no no evidence of alcohol withdrawals, um,
jason whittemire: Yeah, I mean, the first couple days and not drinking. You know what I'm saying. You get a little itchy, but I had, I had a pretty good reason not to. You know what I'm saying. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, have you do admit to some cravings. What do you think the mount anxiety come from, sir.
jason whittemire: I just signed a half a million dollar job yesterday.
Okay.
jason whittemire: So when you asked me about yesterday and the 24 hours.
jason whittemire: Any anxiety that or did you feel anxious and yeah I feel anxious because I have a half a million dollar job that's on the line that I had to go deal with and I got a homeowner right now that's being an
jason whittemire: About whole he's an old teacher that teaches carpentry. And he wants to tell us how to do our job.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But other than that, oh,
jason whittemire: I don't have a very you know what I'm saying. My life is gravy. I come home. Hello, my little beautiful angel. How are you today. What can I make for dinner.
jason whittemire: You know what I'm saying. I might jump on the lawn mower here a little bit after I get finished with you slap the headphones in mow the grass that's it's very therapeutic. Guess what I didn't have two years ago, before I had my daughter.
jason whittemire: Was that lawn mower.
jason whittemire: Jaguar to drive or a brand new truck to drive.
jason whittemire: Or a safe, full of money or you know what I'm saying. I didn't have none of that stuff until I quit being selfish and I put my two girls ahead of my selfishness. Now everything I want is right in front of me and the universe provides and gives it to me.
jason whittemire: And it's my dumb ass for allowing the devil to trip me up with the night that I caught this that mean us talking about
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know something
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Blessings can come
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you're right form.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You're really can I hear a lot of wisdom when you talk a lot of wisdom.
jason whittemire: Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I really believe that you being here with bright heart health was not by accident.
jason whittemire: And it might be, it might not about be about me. I might help another because I'ma tell you what that when I first started October 21 back in 2010 when I went to a
jason whittemire: Meeting and I heard my life come out of five different other mouths and it was my exact life. And the one thing that connected us all was the drugs.
jason whittemire: That's when this does when the healing started when I saw guys sit there and say, Man, I had my license so screwed up that I thought I would never get a driver's license. Again, he was getting his 10 year chip that night.
jason whittemire: Okay code. The his license.
jason whittemire: That he had he thought he would never get back
jason whittemire: Now, I'ma let you let me let you know some of our me I just paid $28,000 in six different states to get everything squash to get my license back for the first time that I've had in 25 years and three months ago I got my 10 year chip.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right now.
jason whittemire: Oh, so I mimicked and mirrored I needed to go tell my story because that guy told his story. And that's what made me go. Aha.
jason whittemire: Aha, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know the other thing I keep that keeps swirling around in my brain while you're talking.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If you had not have been caught for a DUI.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Could something worse have happened.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Absolutely. I, you know, Mr. Jason I don't know you, but I see this as a blessed and you've got too many wonderful things going on in your life.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, sounds like you've got a lot of love and you got people that love and meet you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I feel positive about this. I don't think this is bad to accident and I'm just looking forward to seeing you know three months from now, six months from now, a year from now, how you doing, and I'm hopeful and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: prayerful that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You're doing even better than before.
jason whittemire: Yeah, and that's the thing is that I was doing so good and everything was just be load to me just man blessings would just drop in front of you, like, Come on, man. Are you seriously. You're gonna give me a free Jaguar, man. My mom always wanted a Jaguar. Hell yeah, I'll take that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Outline. You know what I'm saying right but the
jason whittemire: Point is, I thought I had it under control. Oh, I'm good. I just, I can still, I can still have I still have a little taste. I just don't taste a little bit. But that's the thing is that I can
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's right.
jason whittemire: My father also is that he dealt with alcoholism, up until there was a point he caught a DUI did seven he was on his 14th frickin one
jason whittemire: Did 48 days and realize you almost lost everything, his wife, his kids and everything, and he sobered up the last eight years of his life until he passed away.
jason whittemire: And with some of the best years in him and my mom ever add she always hated I'm never going to get on the back of his day and motorcycle. I'm not going to be that broad
jason whittemire: But it was crazy as that when he did sober up, and he got he had to leave. I had to take care of the whole family. I took care of my brother and sister, my mother.
jason whittemire: While he got out and he got his shit together and got sober and stuff. Then he went bought a Harley and when he finally got my mom in the back of that thing.
jason whittemire: The best times they ever had. They went riding the energy they felt the love that they finally had after 40 something years of her being a princess and him being ghetto.
jason whittemire: You know what I mean, like,
jason whittemire: It was best in it and I hear the way she talks about it. You know what I'm saying, like, those are the best years they add
jason whittemire: She had to let go of the persona that she thought her head of what a person that would be on the back of a Harley and he just wanted her to experience the rush and wind and the and the feeling of her holding on to him for dear life.
jason whittemire: Because that 1600 CC motor with
jason whittemire: You
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: See, which I've never thought about that way. It's a good point. Let me interrupt you for a quick survey. Mr. Jason. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You've never dull moment around you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I would like for you to start a motor multivitamin because sometimes the years of alcohol can deplete you of your be 12. So if you get some beats well some folic acid and just get a good multivitamin. A B complex. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We will be checking your be 12 levels and doing other labs on you. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, ma'am. Now I'm going to back up. You are smoking cigarettes. Right.
jason whittemire: I am
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, you know, I want you to start right
jason whittemire: Well, of course, because I want to see both of these girls actually live a beautiful strong life have children of their own and then all of a sudden, go. Oh, that's what dad was talking about.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right smoking can take away 10 years of your life. And it sounds like you you you want at least a good 40 more years.
jason whittemire: Well 63 is when all the men in my family of past due to kidney hereditary kidney and then it goes to the liver and then it goes well with my father went to the lungs, the brain so 63 but these are gonna be the best 13 years my life. I got I got about 16 years. You know what I'm saying.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But you know something I've heard a lot of people say that you don't have to claim it you can you can be the first to break it sound like you a trendsetter yeah so you can set that trend to that. Don't be that that's not for you don't claim.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So get those 10 years 3040 years on the benefits of not smoke and decrease your risk of heart attack.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, keep your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Arteries open
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Keep that blood flowing to nurse to kicking in the liver.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: She sounds precious
jason whittemire: Okay, she says.
jason whittemire: She has something to tell me so she had she's made a decision and she wants me to agree to it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay have you have you tried to stop smoking.
jason whittemire: I did get my doctor to get me to patch. Um, and I tried it for
jason whittemire: A few weeks and stuff. And it made me want to smoke, even more so the time that I actually did hit a cigarette. All of a sudden, it was like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Well, let me ask you this. What you can do is try to patches don't sleep with them and then instead of reaching for the cigarettes, you can reach for the nicotine gum, the laws and your other nicotine products.
jason whittemire: Or even like the little date pins, but they ain't got nothing in them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And it's easy to get to.
jason whittemire: The hand to mouth the hand to mouth.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, you can do right you can do to nicotine gum because that's going to help you when you crave it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Soda Pop that nicotine level up like you're smoking. You Suck on that laws and you have to go up and come back down. When you stop. You know, so it's like you're getting that and still use that little fake cigarette. So you got that hand to mouth thing going.
jason whittemire: And if you just notice as soon as we started talking about cigarettes. I wouldn't get one.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. And we really don't want you to smoke while we're having the meeting or do anything like that. Thank you so much Mr. Jason. So the thing is, Mr. Jason you've overcome a lot. And we're planting seeds. We're not accepting defeat, because that's just not how we walk
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But I just want to plant that seed and we'll, we'll revisit it often and see where you are and sounds like when you're ready to make up your mind to stop that nothing's gonna stop you from stopping
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay.
jason whittemire: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. Have you tried like shan't Chantix or anything like that.
jason whittemire: What's that a pill.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's appeal.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, okay. So it sounds like nicotine product may be a best option, try to see if you can revisit those. The other thing, too, is that you want the circulation to your feet.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To be good. You want your blood vessels to stay strong. Okay, you want your you even when you stop smoking for a couple of days. Have you ever noticed that just smelling was bad, or you could smell things better food tastes better.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah okay you breathing is better off a couple of weeks. You don't feel like you've got that pink elephant sitting on your lungs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. OK. So those are things that I want you to just really
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Speak with your doctor about and see what can be done to get you to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Help you stop smoking.
Yep.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. And what were you did you say you were at half a pack a day or what what are you at now.
Yeah.
jason whittemire: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Half a pack a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you
jason whittemire: Have a pack a day. So we'll
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We'll, we'll keep revisiting it. Okay.
jason whittemire: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did you have any questions or comments for me, sir.
jason whittemire: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Um, let's see. We need to get you into
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We need to get you into a group need a group you need evening.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me work on that. But we need to get a therapist going for you too. Okay.
jason whittemire: Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I think you will. I think you will enjoy opening up an hour twice a month and talking about what's going on. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yep.
jason whittemire: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, if there's nothing else that I can do for you. I've enjoyed you talking with me and I'm going to look forward to talking with you and I'm Dr sale like cell phone and I'm working on getting you to be a part of a
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Group. Okay.
jason whittemire: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so blessed
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: YouTube. Thank you. Okay. All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Assessment alcohol use disorder plan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Patient is currently without any I had to dictate you okay patient saw score was a to he's not manifesting any evidence of alcohol withdrawals. He is stable. Is it vast to start a multivitamin over the account, I guess, to be 12 folic acid and a peek at what be complex, and a multivitamin.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Blood labs will need to be checked for patients, including UDS lmt sabotages our PR HIV CBC will be on p
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And D 12 levels.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's see.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's say he resume, he will start counseling weekly medical and group therapy sessions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To be determined he will also start individual counseling twice a month would need a release of information for his primary care provider. He does have a dentist.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That he is being followed by
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: will pull monthly oars and monthly UDS patient was asked to bring vital signs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He declines all
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Medications for alcohol use disorders.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He admits to using medical marijuana
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I will pull those orders again to verify that he's getting it from a dispensary orders will be poor monthly
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In a dictation. A will miss a tobacco cessation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Discussed from 5:53pm to 5:57pm on
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The time is six o'clock internet six o'clock so time for 56 PM.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To six o'clock PM. End of dictation.